(note: this is the conclusion of the trailer, which was the first 100 words you mentioned)
You got the files. Now get them home.
Alert! I detect that you are being followed by hostile Oaken Agents. Don't delay. I estimate you have have five minutes.
Oaken Agents inbound in 5, 4, 3, 2.
The files are safe now. Tree-vac inbound. Mission complete, Agent Almond.
(note: these are now in-game soundbytes. when starting/ending with ellipsis lowercase, they will be used in the start, end, or middle of a procedurally generated sentence, so please pronounce as such)
Hello Agent Almond. I'm an artificially intelligent holographic life-form. But you can call me Holly for short. I'll provide you support on your missions. Your objective is to find the Oaken agent and collect the files. You'll need to completely fill your Vine Cred to pay off the agent. That's 10 Vine Cred. One way to get Vine Cred is by exploring. When you get a Vine Cred, you will hear the following sound.
You have 5 minutes until the Oaken agents catch you up! Get to the Dead Drop.
… 1 …
… 2 …
(note: numbers 1 through 20)
… 20 …
You are approaching…
You have discovered…
… the friendly Oaken Agent with a file for you …
… the empty-handed Oaken Agent …
… a Dogwood Dead Drop …
… an empty grassy field …
… a Mappy Maple upgrade …
… a used Mappy Maple …
… a Sappy Shoes upgrade …
… used Sappy Shoes …
You got the files from the Oaken Agent. Alert. I detect that you are being trailed by hostile Oaken Agents and need to get to the Dead Drop. Don't delay. I estimate you have 5 minutes.
You need 10 Vine Cred to get the files from the Oaken Agent.
You need 3 Vine Cred to upgrade.
You have 7 Vine Cred.
You have 7.
You have 10 Vine Cred, which is the most you can hold right now.
The enemy agents are catching us up. We need to abort for now. I'm sending the debriefing to your mobile device.
We can't end the mission yet, Almond. We still have work to do!
You are too injured to do that. Get to a Dead Drop to patch yourself up.
You fixed up your injuries at the Dogwood Dead Drop. You are spry as a sapling now!
Mission aborted.
Nothing here that can be interacted with.
You upgraded your map with the Mappy Maple. You now get additional Vine Cred for running to new places.
You upgraded your roots with the Sappy Shoes. You now get additional Vine Cred for retracing your steps.
NOTE:
Tree-vac is pronounced like E-vac (short for evacuation), but Tree-vac.
